---
title:  "A love too close"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---

Daniel started cleaning the bookcase. No one ever entered the room. They had never felt a need for the room. But, now as his sister Emily and her daughter are moving in with them, they needed the extra room. He had to leave for his office. He was a tax consultant and he was extremely busy in March. He hated spending his morning cleaning instead of going for the run. Emily’s husband Ryan had left her after she had cheated on him with his best friend. So, she did not have a place to live.

Daniel could never say no to Emily. He was a very assertive person but with Emily he could not just say no. He remembered their incestuous relationship when they were teenagers. People just thought they loved each other in the way siblings love each other. But, they were in love rather lust with each other. She was the only person he had ever fallen in love with. He did not love his wife, and was rather glad when she had died at childbirth. He did not have to make excuses to visit his sister any more. Ryan never understood what was going on between them. Daniel would always visit when Ryan would be going for a tour. Ryan used to believe that Emily would feel lonely, and Daniel wanted to give her company. Emily’s daughter Eliza was actually their daughter. He was so happy to meet Eliza. The society would never let him marry Emily but now they can live as man and woman, and no one would know anything.  
