---
title:  "The weird landlord!"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---

Ryan could not believe what he saw. He could see the silhouettes of two women and one man but all clinging to each other. So is it what he was thinking ? He thought he might be dreaming about it. He tried to pinch himself and when he felt the pain, he realized it was all real. He moved ahead and kept his eye on the key hole.

He saw his owner with 2 young women all completely naked. There was a candle burning and some kind of religious rituals painted on the wall. Ryan’s heart was beating hard. He did not want to be a voyeur but he had not chosen this. He saw the women applying some kind of oil on his owner’s body. And, then it was the owner’s turn. Ryan could not imagine what was happening. And, then he saw two other women joining in. Ryan had not seen them earlier. They were sitting  at the other side of the room but now has joined the owner in applying oil on the 2 other girls. These 2 women appeared middle-aged and now when he looked closely, he realized they were his owner’s wife and sister. Ryan was not able to believe what was happening.

Suddenly Ryan’s phone started ringing. He saw it was an alarm. He had kept an alarm to remind him of his lunch next day but he had mistakenly selected am instead of pm. Every one in the room was shocked. The owner shouted out. Ryan was frozen out of fear. He did not know what to do. He bounded for the stairs. He slipped and hurt his knee. He heard the basement room creaking open. He had to vanish before his owner caught him. He then silently went into his room and went inside his comforter with his glasses and slippers on. He heard some noises. He heard his owner quarreling with his wife, and then he hear some sound on the stairs. He guessed there were two people who were climbing the stairs.

Ryan used to lock his door from inside but he had guessed that the owner had another pair of keys. And that was the pair which was turning the lock now. And from inside his comforter, he felt his owner entering with a torch light. Ryan’s heart was beating loudly.  
