---
title:  "Dude in distress!"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---

Roshan got on the bus. He was scared as well. Most students in middle school are excited to go back home. But not Roshan. He feared the bus trip to home. He wished his mom would pick him up from school. After all, it was only 2.5 km from his house.

He was not scared of buses or closed spaces. It was the bullies. It was a struggle to face it every day. It was very difficult. They would bully in the morning as well but not as much. They would be busy with their home-works or tests. There were 3 bullies and they called themselves the "three musketeers”. Rahul, Karan and Sunil. Roshan had it enough. He wanted to do something about it. He prayed to God to help him protect against these monsters. He would watch Shaktiman on National TV and wondered if he would come to protect him.

As Roshan sat on his usual seat, he realized that it was wet. And he heard a laughter at the back. Sunil had put water on his seat so that his pants get wet. Rohan did not even understand what was funny about it. He was an old soul and mature beyond his years. Then, he realized someone was pouring water on his head. It was Karan. Roshan took out his handkerchief to wipe his head. Rahul took it from him, and before he could react, he realized Sunil had taken his glasses.

Rahul asked everyone in the bus for water bottles. He started wetting his handkerchief and started hitting him with it. It was painful and Roshan squealed loudly. He heard the three monsters laugh and now some other boys had also joined them. They started taking out their handkerchiefs.  Roshan realized that there was a red mark on his arm because of Rahul’s strike. Sunil pushed Roshan’s head down and then all of them started hitting on his back. Karan said they should wet his shirt as it would be more painful that way. Harsh took out his bottle and poured it on Roshan’s back. Roshan had thought Harsh was a friend. He was a new student, and Roshan had showed him around. It was an “Et tu Brute” moment for Roshan. Roshan realized Harsh wanted to earn brownie points with the “three musketeers”. They were popular with the girls and he wanted to be the "D’Artagan” for the group.

“Stop it. Just stop it. ”: someone said. Roshan tried to move his head up. He realized that Neha was protesting. Sunil loosened his grip on Roshan’s shoulder and told her “Mind your own business”. Neha had turned red, and he slapped him and said “This is my business.”. She turned towards Roshan and said “Roshan, come sit with me”. After being slapped by a girl, Sunil had sat down. The other monsters just hurled some dirty abuses at Neha, and then sat in their seats. Harsh closed his water bottle and went back to his seat. The others were tired from this ordeal, and many had their stops approaching.

Roshan went to the front of the bus and sat beside Neha. Neha touched his hand and said “Does it still hurt ?”. Roshan looked up. His face was compounded by emotions of fear, relief and gratitude. Neha took her pocket napkin and wiped his tear. She said “They are demons. I could not see them hurt you.”. Roshan remained silent for some time and said “Why not ? Everyone else in the bus always remain silent and let it happen”. Neha said “You are a sweet guy. I have seen you help even your bullies with their maths homeworks. I could not let it happen to you. “. Neha’s bus stop had arrived and Roshan’s was the next. She asked “Do you want to get out with him ?”. Roshan looked towards the back of the bus, and said “Yes. Sure.”. He got down from the bus and Neha followed him. But the bus had moving slightly. She missed her footing but Roshan caught her.

As he looked at her in the beautiful dusky light, he realized she was very beautiful. He could see affection and tenderness in her eyes. Suddenly, she lowered her eyes. He realized that the brave girl had now turned bashful. He brought her up to her feet. He then held her hand and it felt nice to feel her soft fingers against his. Neha looked at Roshan and said “I had a crush on you since you helped me with my physics homework at the library last year. Today is  the best day of my life”. Roshan said “It can get even better.”. He leaned onto her and kissed her lips. As he felt her soft lips against his, he felt tears rolling down her eyes.
