---
title:  "One red rose!"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---
Aaron looked at the red rose in front of him. His thoughts wandered to Melissa. Melissa was the most wonderful girl he had ever met. She was down-to-earth, kind and sweet. Also, she understood his jokes, and laughed at them. He realized that he had fallen in love with Melissa.

Aaron was a kind human being. He did not earn a lot, but he was charitable. He donated 5-10 % of his monthly income. He had a good heart. He wanted his romantic partner to have similar qualities. Melissa possesed all of that, and more. Melissa always saw the good in others.

Aaron loved how she was honest and polite. He had seen some people being mean in the name of being honest. Melissa was gentle as a rose, and even seemed to just apologize for her thorns if she had some.

The problem was that they lived thousands of miles apart. Aaron lived in California, and Melissa lived in Quebec. He had met her in a language exchange website. He wanted to learn French, and Melissa was applying in a job in English-speaking Ontario. She had lived in French-speaking Quebec all her life, and knew little English. She needed to be fluent in order to find a job in Toronto. It was Melissa’s birthday on Sunday and Aaron wanted to send her this red rose. This red rose was not any ordinary red rose. It was the first rose from the very first bush he had planted the day he contacted Melissa. It was special to both of them, and he wanted to make her 25th birthday special.
