---
title:  "A full life!"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---

Beth was dying. She has had a long life. She was dying from brain tumor. It was painful but it pains more, when you try to fight it. She has given up fighting it. She is 87 and at this old age, she does not want to fight her death. She had asked the doctor to stop operating on her. She did not want to die in the operation table. She wanted to smell roses, she wanted to eat dark chocolates, she wanted to sing her favorite ballad and she wanted to pray.

She has 3 children and 5 grand-children but none of them had come to visit her in the last moments of her life. She had asked the hospital to call Nathan, and tell him. Nathan was the eldest and he would ask the rest of the family to come together. But, none of them turned up. She wanted to call her other children but she did not remember their numbers. Her phone had got destroyed when she had slipped in the water and she had to call 911. From that time, she had been at the hospital. Brain tumor had led her to become disoriented, and fall down in the water. After that fall, she cannot even remember the name of her daughter-in-laws and grand-children.

Then the news came. The hospital staff did not know how to bring the news to her. They had just heard about Nathan. Nathan and his entire family had died in a car crash. He had heard the news and had rushed to meet Beth, but had fallen off the cliff. This was why the rest of her children did not know that she was dying. The hospital staff were faced with a dilemma. Tell her that her son wanted to visit her, but died. Or never tell her about her son’s death moments before her own.
