---
title:  "A Gory Tale"
subtitle: "It's always a bit messy"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile1.png"
image: "img/f.jpg"
date:   2015-04-25 12:12:12
---

Alex sniffed and enjoyed the smell. It smelled delicious. He had never smelled a human body burning, but it did smell good. She would be his last kill. She was not yet dead but her flesh had already started burning. She was trying to scream and cry but he had muffled her face with cotton from her dress. She was not bad to look at. So he enjoyed her trying to scream. She was completely naked. Of course, he had already raped her, several times daily over the last month. Why would he waste a good looking girl and not take advantage over her ?

He believed that women were the root of all evil, the scum of the world. After all, after his dad died, his mother would allow her new husband to rape him. She would not stand up for him. And, he had decided that once he had learnt the art of kidnapping, he would sacrifice one kill to the elements each month. This was his last kill. His first was his girlfriend who believed cheated on him. He had found cuddling and being almost intimate with her roommate. And he had gagged her into the bathtub and let her drown.

The next kill was his neighbor who he had buried in his garden while she was still alive. He remembered how he had sat on her grave for days as he worried if she woke up from her grave, and tried to escape. His third was his mother. He knew his mother hated dark rooms. So he had taken her to his university in pretense of showing her his lab. Then he had locked her up in a closed chamber. And he controlled the chamber so when the oxygen content was low, he would put some in so that she can continue living but still suffocate slowly. He had then put her in a  tight-wrap and  put her in a trashcan.

He had been so satisfied after killing his mother that he had almost thought of giving up on his plans to use all the elements. But then he had found this beautiful girl who was asking him for directions, and he had found a way to keep his vow to himself. He went near her face and played with her hair. The lower part of the body was already 70% burnt in the incinerator. He enjoyed her shrieking in pain, and crying out fervently. It was such a joy to see people go through pain. He remembered the horrible experience he had lived every single day of his high school days, and now he seemed to feel better. He wished he could kill his step-dad but that scum of the earth had already died of a heart attack years back. Alex decided that the girl has suffered enough and put her entire body into the incinerator.


Alex realized he was sweating. Maybe it was the heat near the incinerator. But, he discovered himself on his bed covered in sweat.  
