---
title:  "Sleepless in Chicago"
subtitle: "Only lights from space"
author: "Wferr"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/d.jpg"
date:   2015-04-23 12:12:12
---

She truly didn’t deserve what she got, but almost everything in her life had been like that. Martha was a wonderful person but she had been unfortunate with the tidings in her life. Andrew seemed like a sweet guy. A kind guy with a  sensible head on his shoulders. He had mentioned in his profile about standing up for what he believes to be right. And she could not believe that she had been so wrong.

She had met Andrew on this online dating site called letsDate.com. She had liked his profile and sent him a message. And he had responded. It was an instant connection. She had been meeting guys before on this website but she never felt so much comfortable with anyone. He seemed fun, honest and very sweet. They would have met up but he had moved to Seattle. His dating profile still had Chicago as the location. But, she liked this guy so much that within one week of getting to know him over text and phone, she was even considering moving there. She smiled as she thought of the movie “Sleepless in Seattle” as the two protagonists had never met but they had both traveled thousands of miles to meet on the top of the Empire State building. Probably their story would be the same  . We might think of Martha as a naive girl to have such romantic fantasies. But, she was not naive. She was someone who knew the ways of the world but chose to be simple, chose to see the good in people, chose to dream.

Andrew seemed perfect. He was nerdy and intelligent. He had recently completed his PhD in Chicago and had started working in Microsoft Research, Redmond. She remembered how he was so empathic when the next day they had started talking she had fallen out with her best friend. And she had asked him to call as she was vulnerable. It was 2 am Central and he had been on the phone listening to her, and being there. She had never assumed that just in few days, they would feel such a wonderful connection. She had fallen for him, and knew that in a month, she would be head over heels in love with him. He just seemed the sweet guy she had imagined of marrying.

It was the winter break so both of them were off work, and had the whole day to text each other, and even be on the phone for hours. Andrew had mentioned he loved her sweet voice, and would love to hear her speak over the phone. And Martha loved how Andrew would crack jokes, and send her funny pictures and videos. Andrew loved cats and dogs and babies, and he would keep sending such cute pictures to her. She would wake up smiling every single day awaiting the new things Andrew had sent.

And then one day, he sent her this wonderfully crafted poem. She was so touched. He had mentioned that he loved to write but never knew that he would write a sweet poem for her.  
