---
title:  "An old flame!"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---

A long time ago they knew each other for a short time. Andrew looked up at Molly. Some grey hairs have appeared on her curly black hair, and her face little wrinkled. Andrew did not know how to start the conversation. Their last conversation was abrupt and thirty three years ago. Molly had suddenly stopped responding to his letters.

They were internet pen-pals but it had become more for both of them. Andrew had admitted it and Molly did not. But, the care with which she would send gifts to him and create his Facebook profile pictures by spending hours photoshopping and deciding filters, she too had feelings. She had felt the inspiration to be a nun. She had always been inspired by Mother Teresa and the week long camp at Santa Monica Cathedral in Tijuana had transformed her. She had slowly reduced conversations with Andrew and then suddenly she had blocked him. He had tried to contact her, but in vain. And now he was standing face to face with her.

Circumstances have changed. Andrew was married, twice. His first wife Jessica had died from cancer but not before she had left them a wonderful girl. And Andrew had named her Molly. Andrew had just said he loved that name and did not want to hurt Jessi. Jessica had always thought he was Andrew’s first love. And now he had just married Carolyn. Carolyn had spotted the uneasiness on Andrew’s face. She asked do you know that nun.

Yes, Molly had indeed become a nun. And, here she was standing in the church in front of them. It was she who came forward and greeted them. She asked have you been around the entire church premises. There are more rooms in the museum floor.

Andrew suddenly said “Changuita”. Molly looked up. Even Cathryn and Andrew’s daughter Molly was surprised. Molly’s eyes began to tear up. It was the special word he used to call her. She replied “Tu Chango” which meant you are a monkey. Andrew breathed a sigh of relief that she had recognized him, and remembered him as much as he did.  
