---
title:  "Yet to come out"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-17 12:12:12
---

Diane was looking for her prince charming. Someone who was dependable, idealistic yet adventurous. She also wanted someone confident and funny. It would not hurt if he was rich and cute. She was a clever little woman. She knew how to trap men and make them fall for her. She had many suitors not long after she had started looking for her “prince”.

Richard had found Diane extremely attractive. She seemed beautiful and gorgeous. She had made all men swoon for her. And, he wanted to be the man who would have her. He never knew defeat. He would resort to anything to get his means. However, Richard’s mother Elaine did not like Diane. She had realized that Diane was a greedy gold-digger. She had came from a poor family and had been married to Richard’s father. Many had called her a gold-digger but she was not one. She and Richard’s father Jack had fallen in love. Jack used to visit her father’s store. He would always ask for her to help. He would make her work hard and look for the weirdest things as he wanted to look at her longer. She was rather plain to look at but Jack found her beautiful. They had the most wonderful love affair and a tear rolled down her cheek. It was a tear mixed with feelings of happiness as well of separation. She never knew why Jack had left the house all of a sudden, and no one knew anything about it. Richard hated his father for walking out of him when he was young, and has made him the ruthless man he is right now.

Emily started talking to Elaine. Emily was Diane’s little sister. She was not out yet but it was a private party. She was twenty and she would be out in most families. Diane used to bully her sister and parents, and did not want Emily out till she has found her groom. Elaine liked Emily. She was a kind, compassionate and caring young lady. She was the kind of influence Richard needed to have in his life.
