---
title:  "Meat cures more than hunger!"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---

Meat cures Alzheimer's. Meat cures cancer. And last but not the least, meat cures AIDS. Scientists from Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and the John Hopkins University have found miraculous cures from meat.

Ryan read the Norshore times with amusement. He was tired of the PETA people on his campus urging people to watch animal videos , and recommending people to become vegetarians or vegans. Once he had attended their seminar and they would tell how eating meat would lead to obesity. How it would lead to more food on earth. And how it would lead to more clean water, and less heart attacks. He was sick and tired of these arguments. He did not want to feel guilty for the destruction of the world, and the destruction of his personal health. He had left their seminar, and had fumed about a rebuttal to this.

He wanted to find great benefits of meat. He knew lean white meat had its benefits but he wanted benefits from fatty portions of red meat. He wanted to prove meat was all good and wonderful. We are all carnivores at least omnivores for God’s sake. And now when he read this head line that “Meat cures more than hunger”. He was delighted.

The article went on and on how tryptophan present in turkey cured Alzheimer’s. The scientists jokingly recommended all old people to attend Thanksgiving and reminding that it is the young who are scared of meeting the old during that time. And then it went in detail how the fat present in bacon and steak led the liver to produce some anti-oxidants which have been seen to prevent most types of cancer, except skin cancer.

And also something as ordinary as pork chops and hotdogs could prevent onset of AIDS. Of course, they could not prevent infection by HIV. But, once infected, a diet rich in pork based food can increase the duration of human life. They have found these in mice. Mice fed on vegetarian or paleo diet were more likely to succumb to AIDS than ones which ate a pork rich diet.

Then, he read the fine print. It said Norshore Times is a supplementary of the Onion.
