---
title:  "Love in So'Cal!"
subtitle: "The Fly!"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile3.png"
image: "img/a.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---

### Part 1

Outside the rain fell softly. Andrew thought about Molly, and could not figure why she had suddenly stopped all her communication. He could not let her go. He knew he should. He had even met up with his shrink and discussed about it. He is not going anywhere holding on to her. Molly was not Andrew’s ex-girlfriend but was his love, and there was no ex about it. She was the first woman he had fallen in love with. There had been crushes and infatuations and hookups and the list goes on. But, Molly was different. She was a wonderful and kind human being.

Andrew had came to know Molly through an internet pen-pal website. Although if he had to be honest, he was not really looking for a pal. If he really looked hard at himself, he realized that he had actually been looking for a relationship. Molly lived in San Diego, and thousands of miles away from Boston. But, they had formed a wonderful friendship. He would wait for her texts. He knew she woke up late as there was a 3 hr time difference, but he would eagerly await for her message. They would often tease and call each other odd and adorable names like “little monkey”, “naughty boy/girl” etc. And he had fallen in love with her. He did not want to tell her that. He felt that probably she would think he was a creep and block her. He did not want that. He was ready to just be a friend with her, but could not imagine living without her. It was strange as it had only been three months he had known her, but it seemed like ages.

Molly had invited Andrew to San Diego for Thanksgiving. She lived with her parents and her little brother, Carter. She was a senior in her college. She came from a very traditional Catholic family and it took a lot of convincing on her end. Eventually, they agreed. Andrew had been so excited even weeks before traveling. He had been having sleepless nights thinking how he would tell her that he had fallen in love with her. He had started counting days and even hours for their time of meeting. Eventually, the day of traveling came and he day dreamed during the flight. How would it be look at her for the first time ? How would it be for her parents to see him. After all, they did not know anything about it. All they had heard was that Andrew was a nice guy doing his Masters at Boston University. Molly had said that they believed in her, and when he met them, he realized that. There was the initial awkwardness as he had sat alongside her dad to eat a blueberry muffin with milk just before bed. When Molly was not near, her father had warned him to not misbehave when he was living at his house. He knew the meaning of that. He had no intentions but he could understand that her father had to be careful. He was the father of a young girl and there was a young stranger visiting them.

He remembered how he lay awake on the last day of his visit. It was a cool autumn morning. It was just getting a bit chilly in San Diego. The El Nino had caused a bit of change in the weather pattern. He was going to tell her in an hr before boarding his flight. His heart was beating fast.

### Part 2

Andrew had visited Molly’s university on his second day. She studied at the University of California, San Diego where she was a pre-med student. Molly often mentioned about her university in her conversations, and he had wanted to visit there. He had applied to UCSD for his Masters but his application had got rejected, and he had an admiration for the school. They went around the cafeterias and the engineering building. There was a curious looking structure on the top of that building. It seemed like a wooden hut sitting oddly on the roof, and seemed off-balance.

Then, they had visited the library and he had told her to pose for a picture. He was carrying his Nikon 360 and wanted to take as many pictures as he could. He was going to ask her tomorrow but he did not know what she would say. He wanted to capture all the moments they had together, and in high dimension. As he looked at her through the viewfinder, he realized how perfectly adorable she was. She was so different from all the girls he had met during his undergraduate and graduate education. He laugh was infectious and everything seemed beautiful. It was fall and it was indeed very beautiful but her rapture seemed to dwarf everything else. She had made sure to his pictures on her iPhone and later, she had even started using his Nikon. They had then walked to the university beach and they had spent some quite time there. He was not himself today. His heart was beating heavily and his mind was occupied thinking of what she would say. She would take him to her church for the morning service before dropping him at the airport. He was not much of a believer but he knew that he would be praying hard for God to give him strength and so that he can express his heart.

Then, they had visited some other architectures in the campus. There was one structure which looked like a teddy bear stone hedge and he had made Molly take a goofy picture beside it. They had then started walking towards the parking lot. Then, she spotted some baby geese on the floor. And, he knew she is going to feed them. He had known her only over the internet and the phone, but he had known her a lot. They went to the nearby cafeteria and got few pieces of banana nut muffin. When they returned, they saw that the momma geese had returned to her kids and was watching over them. Molly smiled when she saw the wonderful maternal affection. Andrew did not waste a moment and captured in his DSLR. Molly bent over and started petting the geeselings. It was Andrew’s task to break the bread into little crumbs and throw it to them. He remembered to feed the momma geese as well. The geeselings were initially hesitant but when they saw their mother pecking and then chewing the crumbs, they started feasting on the banana nut muffin crumbs. Andrew’s heart warmed as he saw the momma geese rubbing its head on Molly’s jeans as she was busy petting the three little geeselings. He captured the moment, and decided this was going to be his best photograph ever. It was these small things about Molly that had made Andrew fall in love with her. She was not very attractive in the traditional sense but it was her warmth and sensitivity which made him head over heels in love.  
