---
title:  "Falling in love with a stranger"
subtitle: "But do you scream?"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile2.png"
image: "img/e.jpg"
date:   2015-04-24 12:12:12
---

### Part 2
Sundar opened the door to find her standing there, crying. He did not know what to say. . He had realized that the girl who was standing was Megha from the photographs in her drawing room. He did not realize why she might be crying.

He looked at her face as she started wiping her tears. He asked “Are you okay ?”. She said “Yes, and I cannot thank you enough. That 10,000 rupees means everything to me. When I had forgotten my bag yesterday, I did not know what to do. My dad had been laid off from his cotton mill, and apart from some school kids I tutor, we do not have any other source of income.  I had almost decided to end my life, as I could not imagine telling my dad about it. I had spent the whole day today at the temple, praying fervently to God. And here you are standing in front of me with my bag in hand. You must be an angel sent by God.”. Sundar looked down towards the floor. He did not know what to respond. He had never been complimented for being nice. The reason he had brought the bag was because he had discovered the card of a girl inside the bag, and then found her attractive when he had visited her website. He would not have even bothered if it was a guy. But, he could not say that to Megha now.

Megha continued. “I cannot just take this favor from you without doing anything in return. Although, we are poor, but my parents have always taught me to be grateful. So please tell me something I can do for you.”. Sundar did not know what to respond to that. He knew what he wanted to ask but that would be too much. He wanted to ask if she would like to date him. But, he could not ask that directly. Also, he knew she might not like him in one date and might reject him. So, he said “Can you tutor my younger brother ? He is terrible in math and would greatly benefit from being tutored. We are going to pay you. So don’t say no to that. But, treat him like your own brother. My dad wants him to be an engineer so he needs to be good at math“. He looked at her and then continued " And because my home is a bit far from yours, our chauffeur would pick you up”. Megha did not know what to say. She did not have words in her mouth. This person not only brought her money, but also gave her another source of income.

Sundar then left his card, and said bye to her. As he walked back to his car parked few blocks from her house, he started imagining getting to meet her as she would be visiting his house to teach her brother. Megha kept standing at her door, and looked on. She had always thought that rich people are self-centered and did not care for anybody. But, sometimes God does create angels.

### Part 3

He was speechless, unable to move or think. Ultimately Sundar lowered his gaze. He started to feel shy, and his ears turned red out of embarrassment. Megha has seen him looking at her, and it was not just a passing gaze. He was clearly staring at her face.

Megha did not know what to do. Ofcourse, she had been stared at by other guys. She was more than average to look at, but this was a guy whom she had a crush on since she had seen him. She had decided that he was out of her league. He belonged to a well-to-do family, and she literally lived in a slum. It was a forbidden romance, and she knew a happy union is never possible. But, now it seemed Sundar liked her too. She had felt him staring at her last time they had met. But, she had felt: it was probably because she was crying.

Sundar felt each moment to pass by ever so slowly. He had seen Megha lower her gaze as well. He did not know what she felt. She must have felt that he was a creep. But, he decided to make an excuse. He said he wanted to check if his brother Govind was studying or up to his usual mischievous self. And he had been staring on out of disbelief to see him so focused.

Megha responded okay and Sundar closed the door. Megha was disappointed. Although she knew there was no possibility of a romance, can a girl not hope. Now she realized that a rich kid like Sundar would probably have lot of beautiful well-to-do women running after him. She was foolish to have such hopes. Sundar felt that Megha probably realized that he was a creep as he was clearly staring at her, and she must have caught his excuse.

A week passed. It was not an easy week for either of them. Megha would lie on her bed dreaming about Sundar, and then blaming herself for having such expectations. Sundar did not know what he should do to make her understand he was not a creep.

### To be continued ....
