---
title:  "Love over ice-cream"
subtitle: "The Bigger the better?"
author: "Arindam"
avatar: "img/authors/profile1.png"
image: "img/c.jpg"
date:   2015-04-22 12:12:12
---
### Part 1

Roger was finishing cleaning up his shop. It was time to close his butcher shop. He had good business today. The holiday season was close and people were stocking up before the meat got too expensive. Roger knew that there would probably be few more people coming by but he wanted to close his shop on time. He had faith that whatever God provided for during 9-6 was enough for him. But also he did not want to be late for the ice-cream truck. He walked briskly checking his phone for the time. He was running tad late today. Sometimes, the ice-cream truck would leave early if the business was not too good.

But he was relieved when he saw a long queue of kids eagerly waiting for their turn. Roger had a crush on the ice-cream truck driver, Cathy. But he was shy. So he would not never be able to ask her out. But, he loved to wait in turn for his ice-cream and look at her working on the ice-creams ready for the kids. Whenever she would look up, he would glance down. He felt awkward looking at her directly. Today, he had decided that he would do something. All his friends were getting engaged or married. And he felt lonely. He thought that God would find someone for him in due time. But, nothing had happened so far. Well as a butcher in a small town, he did not have much of a social life. He would go to the local bar for a drink, and then go to bed early. He had to go to the nearest city to get his supplies early in the morning

Roger waited for his turn. Everyday, he would wait for his turn, his heart would beat. But, today it was beating especially fast. She would probably reject him. Or she probably had a boyfriend or even married. He was never much of a small talker so he would ask her about her business. And he knew i was probably her last week as it was getting cold as no one really wanted ice-cream in the freezing Midwestern winter. So this was it. He had to say to her today or probably he can never ever ask her.

### Part 2

He had come to know her. He had come to think of her. He had come to fear for her well-being. He had come to hate being away from her. He had truly come to love her.

Roger was so happy that he had asked out Cathy. She had liked him too but had thought he was probably married. Sometimes, she had wondered if he had a thing for her but when he would not ask her, she had given up hope. But. she knew that she had to ask him out. It was the last day of Fall and she would not be driving her ice-cream truck in winter.

She had asked Roger if he could wait and let the two kids queued behind have their ice-cream. Roger started wondering why was she telling him to wait behind the kids. Probably, she thought he was a creep. After all, he was the only adult who would queue in front of the ice-cream truck. He should probably stop coming and creeping her out. Then, Roger had finally told her. He had asked Cathy if there was anyone in her life. Cathy had said yes. Then paused, and said he is a shy butcher who would wait for the ice-cream every day and never ask her out. Roger was delighted to hear that. He finally looked directly into her eyes. Her golden blonde hair was covered partially by the red cap given by the ice-cream company. There was this moment when Roger felt everything had stopped. He could just her, and nothing else.

And then everything had gone very fast. There was an instant connection. She shared his deep belief in God, and his liberal values. Roger would often doubt the connection. He would wonder if things were going too fast. They had only known each other for a month but it seemed like ages. Whenever, they would go on a date, they would just keep talking for hours and hours till it was time for the restaurant to close. Sometimes, he would stop talking and stare at her buttoned nose and reddish cheeks. He would insist on pinching her cheeks every day.

But, today he was sad. She had gone to hike with her parents and she would not have a cell connection. So he was alone sitting on his bed.
